.TH GIT-CHECK 1 "June 2026" "git-check 1.0" "Git Manual"
.SH NAME
git-check \- Show overview of Git repositories status

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit check\fR [\fB--branch\fR | \fB-b\fR] [\fB--path\fR | \fB-p\fR] [\fB--all\fR | \fB-a\fR] [\fB--directory\fR \fI<dir>\fR | \fB-d\fR \fI<dir>\fR] [\fB--help\fR | \fB-h\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgit check\fR provides an overview of the status of multiple Git repositories
within a directory. For each repository, it fetches from the configured
remote and reports whether there are local changes, whether there are
commits that have not been pushed, and whether the local branch is ahead
or behind its remote tracking branch.
.PP
If a repository has no remote branch configured, the command
indicates that there is no remote. If the remote cannot be reached (e.g.,
no internet connection, authentication failure), the command indicates
that the repository is offline.
.PP
By default, only repositories that need attention are reported; fully
synced repositories are omitted unless \fB--all\fR is given.
.PP
By default, \fBgit check\fR scans the current directory, but a different
directory may be specified with the \fB--directory\fR option. The \fB--branch\fR
and \fB--path\fR options may be used to modify the level of information
reported.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 4
\fB-b, --branch\fR
Show the current branch for each repository.
.TP 4
\fB-p, --path\fR
Show the full path instead of only the directory name.
.TP 4
\fB-a, --all\fR
Show all repositories, including those that are fully clean and synced.
.TP 4
\fB-d, --directory <dir>\fR
Specify the directory to scan (default: current directory).
.TP 4
\fB-h, --help\fR
Show a summary of options.

.SH EXAMPLES
List repositories under the current directory:
.IP
git check
.PP
List every repository under a specific directory, showing branches:
.IP
git check -a -d ~/Projects -b
.SH SEE ALSO
git-status(1), git-fetch(1)
